NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5Ds"...
Jakob: PRIMO!
HOW DARE YOU INTERFERE
WITH THE PRIME DIRECTIVE.
BY FORCING ALL THESE
HUMANS INTO DUELING,
WE CAN CREATE
THE CIRCUIT IN NO TIME.
IF YOU FORCE THEM
TO BATTLE OUT OF FEAR,
YOU WON'T DRAW OUT
THEIR TRUE ABILITIES.
MY PLAN IS IN MOTION.
THERE'S NO STOPPING
IT NOW.
AH, SOMEONE IS MEDDLING.
AND I THINK
I KNOW WHO.
YOU THINK
YOU CAN ESCAPE ME?
THINK AGAIN!
♪
Yusei:
OKAY, THIS IS A FIRST.
♪
Primo: LET'S DUEL!
HYAH.
♪
Yusei: YES, I FEEL
THE STRENGTH OF MY FRIENDS.
THEY'RE RIGHT HERE WITH ME,
LENDING ME THEIR POWER.
THIS ACCELERATION,
IT'S NOT JUST COMING
FROM MY DUEL RUNNER,
BUT FROM INSIDE ME AS WELL.
IT'S LIKE I'M MOVING
TOWARDS SOMETHING
AND SOMETHING IS
MOVING TOWARDS ME, TOO.
SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON?
♪
TIME TO ACT.
LEVEL 2 SYNCHRO TUNER
FORMULA SYNCHRON,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 8
SYNCHRO MONSTER STARDUST DRAGON.
NO WAY-- YOU'RE SYNCHRO
SUMMONING DURING MY TURN.
BUT HOW?
Yusei: SOME THINGS
DEFY EXPLANATION!
BUT I HAVE A HUNCH ONE THING
THAT WON'T BE DEFIED AGAIN
IS MY ATTEMPT AT CREATING
THE ULTIMATE MONSTER--
MY ATTEMPT
TO ACCEL SYNCHRO!
♪
BEHOLD!
THE SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU
COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
Sherry:
YUSEI'S OUT THERE.
COME ON. LET'S GO
FIND HIM, ELSWORTH.
♪
Jack: THAT LIGHT CAN
ONLY MEAN ONE THING--
YUSEI GOT OFF
HIS ACCEL SYNCHRO.
AND NOW THAT HE HAS,
I'M OFF--
TO BE THERE WHEN
YUSEI CREAMS THIS GUY.
RIGHT.
Leo: THAT GLOW,
IT'S SO WARM!
MY MARK.
I THINK IT'S TELLING ME
THE LIGHT MEANS
YUSEI HAS A NEW POWER.
CROW-- WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
WHERE? WHEREVER YUSEI IS
THROWIN' DOWN, THAT'S WHERE!
I'M NOT MISSING THIS.
NO WAY!
♪
Leo: GUESS THIS LIGHT SHOW
IS ONLY JUST STARTING.
♪
WITH SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON NOW ON MY SIDE,
I FINALLY HAVE A SHOT
TO WIN THIS.
AND IT'S A SHOT
THAT I'M TAKING.
I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU,
YUSEI-- GO FOR IT!
I ADMIT IT, YUSEI,
THIS NEW MONSTER OF YOURS
IS QUITE IMPRESSIVE,
WHICH IS WHY IT'S
TOO BAD THAT YOU'RE
NEVER ACTUALLY GOING
TO GET A CHANCE TO USE HIM.
I'M ACTIVATING
THE EFFECT OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW BY REMOVING
10 SPEED COUNTERS,
YOUR DRAGON IS THROUGH!
NOT ONCE I PLAY
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY, IT'S NOT.
WITH IT, ONCE PER TURN I CAN
REMOVE IT FROM PLAY.
AND WHEN I ACTIVATE
THIS ABILITY,
I CAN ALSO NEGATE ONE OF
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACKS.
FINE! SO YOU SURVIVE
FOR ONE MORE ROUND,
BUT YOU CAN BET
IT WILL BE YOUR LAST.
Yusei:
I DON'T THINK IT WILL BE
BECAUSE NOW SHOOTING
STAR DRAGON'S ABILITY
RETURNS IT TO THE FIELD,
WHICH MEANS IT'S
ALL SET AND READY TO GO
AND YOU'RE SET UP
AND READY TO GO DOWN.
♪
(LESTER CHUCKLES)
Lester: PRIMO MAY BE
IN A TIGHT SPOT,
BUT IT'S NOT ALL BAD.
UP TO NOW, ONLY ONE
CIRCUIT HAS APPEARED
DURING A DUEL.
BUT OVER THE COURSE OF
THIS MATCH WITH YUSEI,
A MULTITUDE OF THEM
HAVE BEEN ACTIVATED.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT WE WILL NEED
EVEN MORE TO ACHIEVE
OUR OBJECTIVE.
THE SIGNERS' POWERS MUST BE
HARNESSED COMPLETELY.
♪
IT'S MY TURN.
INDEED IT IS, YUSEI.
BUT I CAN TELL
YOU RIGHT NOW,
IT'S GOING TO BE
A WASTED ONE.
AFTER ALL, YOU CAN
TRY ATTACKING ME
WITH YOUR NEW MONSTER,
BUT MY MEKLORD EMPEROR
WILL SIMPLY NEGATE
THAT ATTACK
WITH THE ABILITY
OF SKIEL CARRIER 5,
AND THEN WISEL GUARD 3's
ABILITY WILL DEFLECT
ANY SECONDARY ATTACK.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT.
WHAT?
I NOW ACTIVATE
ANOTHER OF SHOOTING
STAR DRAGON'S ABILITIES--
AN ABILITY THAT ALLOWS
ME TO TAKE A PEEK
AT THE TOP 5 CARDS
IN MY DECK
TO SEE HOW MANY
TUNER MONSTER THERE ARE,
AND THEN LETS ME ATTACK
THAT MANY OF YOUR MONSTERS.
Primo, thinking:
SO SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
CAN MAKE MULTIPLE
ATTACKS?
Yusei: IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS.
WILL MY DECK COME
THROUGH FOR ME?
HAVE I EARNED
ITS FAVOR?
I HOPE SO BECAUSE
IT'S NOT JUST THE DUEL
THAT'S ON THE LINE HERE,
IT'S THE WHOLE CITY, AND
EVERY SOUL THAT'S IN IT.
SO IT'S ONLY RIGHT THAT
I ASK FOR THEIR SUPPORT NOW.
IT'S YUSEI.
HE'S ASKING US
FOR OUR HELP.
EVERYTHING I GOT
IS YOURS, BUD.
ALTHOUGH I'M HERE, YUSEI,
MY SPIRIT'S WITH YOU.
♪
ALL RIGHT!
THE FIRST CARD IS A TUNER.
THE SECOND CARD IS
ALSO A TUNER.
THE THIRD CARD--
ANOTHER TUNER!
FOR THE FOURTH,
IT'S ANOTHER ONE!
NO WAY!
Yusei, thinking:
ONE MORE TUNER,
AND I'LL HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACKS TO WIN.
Yusei: ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO SEE WHAT I HAVE.
MY FIFTH AND LAST DRAW.
♪
THEY'RE ALL TUNERS!
SO THEN YOU HAVE 5 ATTACKS?
NO, THIS JUST CAN'T BE!
IT CAN AND IT IS.
NOW GO,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
FALLING STAR SLAM!
♪
FINE!
BUT DON'T FORGET,
YOUR FIRST ATTACK
IS CANCELED
DUE TO SKIEL 5's
ABILITY!
AND THEN WISEL GUARD 3's
ABILITY ACTIVATES
AND SAVES IT FROM BEING
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
WHICH MEANS YOUR
SECOND ATTACK, YUSEI,
IS USELESS, TOO.
SO YOU NEGATED
THE FIRST TWO,
BUT YOU WON'T BE
NEGATING THE THIRD...
AAH!
OR THIS FOURTH ONE.
LET HIM HAVE IT,
STAR DRAGON.
(SCREAMING)
NOW FOR THE FIFTH
AND FINAL ATTACK.
GO, SHOOTING
STAR DRAGON.
UNLEASH YOUR WRATH
AND END THIS DUEL.
♪
AAH! NO! IMPOSSIBLE!
MEKLORD EMPEROR
CAN'T BE DEFEATED,
LEAST OF ALL BY YUSEI!
NOOOO!
♪
ARE YOU OKAY?
(JAKOB CHUCKLES)
Jakob: PRIMO IS FINE.
HIS MECHANIZED MAKEUP
DOES NOT REQUIRE YOUR PITY,
ALTHOUGH IT'S QUITE
INTRIGUING TO ME
THAT YOU WOULD
EVEN OFFER IT
AFTER ALL THAT HE'S DONE
TO YOU AND TO YOUR CITY.
TRULY, YOU ALWAYS FIND A WAY
TO SURPRISE ME, YUSEI FUDO.
(LESTER CHUCKLES)
YOU'RE WHO ATTACKED
LEO AND LUNA.
OH, PLEASE. ATTACK
IS SUCH A HARSH WORD.
HA HA HA!
PRIMO'S THE REAL VILLAIN
IN ALL OF THIS.
AFTER ALL, HE'S THE ONE
WHO USED YOUR PROGRAM
TO CREATE
THE DUEL BOT ARMY.
AND, WELL, LOOK
WHERE IT GOT HIM.
MY PROGRAM?
OF COURSE.
THAT'S WHY IT WAS
STOLEN AWAY FROM US.
NOW IT ALL MAKES
SENSE!
Lester: YES. PRIMO WAS
THE ONE WHO ORDERED
VICE DIRECTOR LAZAR
TO SNATCH IT FROM YOU.
OF COURSE, LAZAR
IS IN HIDING NOW,
AND I DON'T BLAME HIM.
WHEN YOU WORK WITH PRIMO, THINGS
HAVE A WAY OF SOURING FAST.
FOR EXAMPLE, HE BORROWED
SOME OF MY CARDS
WITHOUT EVEN ASKING!
BUT IT'S FINE. TO MAKE
THINGS ALL FAIR AND SQUARE,
I'LL JUST RELIEVE HIM
OF HIS ENTIRE DECK.
Crow: YUSEI,
YOU OKAY?
Lester: AH, COMPANY.
WHAT'S WITH THEM?
Jakob: HA HA HA!
WHAT'S WITH US?
OH, YOU WILL DISCOVER THAT
SOON ENOUGH, JACK ATLAS.
THE WHOLE OF NEW DOMINO
CITY SHALL.
♪
SHERRY, IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE GETTING
A CLEAR SIGNAL AGAIN.
Sherry: AND JUST IN TIME.
YUSEI, HE'S IN
GRAVE DANGER.
♪
Jakob: YUSEI, JACK, AND CROW.
AT LAST, ALL THREE
OF YOU HAVE GATHERED.
HOW FITTING IT IS
THAT WE MEET HERE,
UNDER THE MONUMENT
THAT SYMBOLIZES THE UNITY
BETWEEN NEW DOMINO CITY
AND THE SATELLITE,
WOULDN'T YOU SAY?
BEFORE WE SAY ANYTHING,
WE WANT SOME ANSWERS, BUB!
THAT'S RIGHT.
LIKE, WHO ARE YOU?
YES, YOU'RE RIGHT.
INTRODUCTIONS
ARE IN ORDER.
WE THREE ARE
THE EMPERORS OF ILIASTER.
THE EMPERORS
OF ILIASTER?
SO THEY'RE
ROYAL PAINS.
I AM THE LEADER--JAKOB.
WHAT? WHO EVER SAID
YOU WERE THE LEADER?
(JAKOB GROWLS)
NO, THAT'S FINE.
AND I'M, UH, THE CO-LEADER,
THE NAME'S LESTER.
AND THIS GUY HERE?
THAT'S PRIMO.
BUT YOU'VE ALREADY
MET HIM.
TELL US WHY.
WHY HAVE YOU BROUGHT
ALL THIS HAVOC TO OUR CITY?
SORRY, BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT INFO'S GIVEN
ON A NEED-TO-KNOW BASIS.
I'LL TELL YOU WHY,
YUSEI.
WHAT? I THOUGHT
IT WAS A SECRET.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO HIDE.
THEY CAN'T
STOP US NOW.
YEAH, GOOD POINT.
OUR OBJECTIVE IS TO
REPAIR THE FUTURE, YUSEI.
REPAIR?
THAT IS CORRECT.
YEAH? WELL,
THEN YOU 3 BOZOS ARE
THE MOST DESTRUCTIVE
REPAIRMEN
THAT I'VE EVER
COME ACROSS.
PLEASE. GROW A BRAIN!
YOU KNOW THE SAYING,
YOU CAN'T MAKE AN OMELET
WITHOUT BREAKING
A FEW EGGS?
WELL, JACKIE,
WE'RE BREAKING SOME.
OH, YEAH? WE'LL SEE.
YOU SIMPLEMINDED FOOL.
DON'T YOU REALIZE?
THIS IS SOMETHING THAT
WE'VE BEEN DOING FOR YEARS.
IT'S NOT LIKE
WE JUST STARTED TODAY.
Yusei:
BUT WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
REPAIR THE FUTURE?
WHO SAYS IT'S BROKEN?
Crow: YEAH! BESIDES,
NO ONE KNOWS
WHAT THE FUTURE
WILL BRING.
Lester: NO ONE BUT US,
THAT IS.
NO WAY.
OH, YES WAY.
AND WE KNOW
WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS
AND WON'T
LET IT COME TO PASS.
YOU LIE!
Jakob: IT'S TRUE.
AND YOU'D SEE IT
YOURSELF IF YOU SIMPLY STUDIED
THE PRESENT.
YOU SEE, THERE IS AN EVER SO
DELICATE BALANCE
BETWEEN THE GOOD
AND THE WICKED IN THIS WORLD.
THE GOOD
AND THE WICKED?
Jakob: YES.
AND THAT BALANCE
CREATES A FUTURE
THAT IS HARMONIOUS
AND FAIR.
WELL, IT IS OUR AIM
TO ADJUST THAT BALANCE
AND TILT IT INTO
A NEW DIRECTION,
A DIRECTION THAT LEANS
TOWARDS US,
THE 3 EMPERORS
OF ILIASTER.
YOU'RE MAD.
YOU WANT TO THROW THE WHOLE
WORLD OUT OF WHACK
JUST SO YOU AND YOUR CRONIES CAN
BE A BIT MORE POWERFUL?
NOT A BIT MORE-- WE
WILL HAVE TOTAL POWER.
AND WE ARE ALREADY WELL ON OUR
WAY TO GAINING THAT POWER.
YEAH?
AND HOW IS THAT?
ALL CIVILIZATIONS IN THIS WORLD
ARE STRUCTURED THE SAME.
THERE ARE A GREAT MANY WEAK
SOULS ON A BOTTOM LEVEL
AND A SELECT
FEW MIGHTY ONES UP TOP.
IT IS NOT UNLIKE A PYRAMID.
WHAT WE HAVE DONE IS
INFILTRATED THIS PYRAMID
ALL THE WAY
TO ITS PEAK.
AND SINCE WE HAVE,
WE NOW CONTROL THOSE
WHO CONTROL THE WORLD.
WE ARE THE PUPPETEERS
OF THE POWERFUL.
WHAT? SO THEN--
Sherry: SO THEN IT'S YOU
THREE THAT ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DISAPPEARANCE
OF MY MOTHER AND FATHER?
SHERRY?
PERHAPS.
BUT I DON'T REMEMBER
EVERYONE WHO HAS MEDDLED
IN OUR BUSINESS
OVER THE YEARS.
Sherry: THEN I'LL
MAKE YOU REMEMBER...
♪
BY HURTING YOU
LIKE YOU HURT THEM.
INSOLENT CHILD!
NO WAY!
DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOU COULD HARM ME?
(SHERRY SCREAMS)
Elsworth:
YOU'LL PAY FOR THAT!
♪
SLIME.
SLIME THAT'S ABOUT TO
GET THE BETTER OF YOU!
HA HA HA!
UH!
ELSWORTH!
FALL BACK.
THEY'RE TOO STRONG.
NO. NEVER!
Jakob: FOOL. YOU SHOULD
LISTEN TO YOUR FRIEND.
BUT NO.
YOU, LIKE
SO MANY OF YOUR KIND,
ARE BLINDED BY
YOUR OWN ARROGANCE,
YOUR OWN SENSE
OF DUTY.
SO OFTEN WE HAVE TRIED TO LEAD
YOU ONTO THE CORRECT PATH--
ONE THAT WILL DELIVER THIS WORLD
INTO OUR NEW GOLDEN AGE.
BUT YOU ALWAYS
RESIST.
AND EACH TIME YOU DO,
YOU CHIP AWAY AT THE NEW WAY
OF LIFE WE'RE OFFERING.
IN FACT, YOU'VE
CHIPPED AWAY SO MUCH NOW,
THERE ARE CERTAIN UNPLEASANTRIES
THAT SIMPLY CANNOT BE AVOIDED.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TALKING ABOUT
YOUR FATHER, YUSEI,
AND HOW HIS WORK THRUST
NEW DOMINO CITY INTO CHAOS.
YOU SEE, WE WERE THE ONES WHO
WERE BEHIND ROMAN'S EFFORTS.
WE WERE THE ONES WHO
ORCHESTRATED EVERYTHING HE DID.
HOWEVER, AS YOU WELL KNOW,
IT WAS ALL FOR NAUGHT.
ZERO REVERSE HAPPENED.
AND ITS AFTER EFFECTS
STILL RIPPLE THROUGH TIME,
AND THEY ALWAYS WILL.
BUT
TO WHAT EXTENT?
THOUGH WE DON'T HAVE
AN ANSWER FOR THAT,
WE DO HAVE AN ANSWER FOR
WHAT MIGHT DIMINISH THIS RIPPLE.
AND WHAT'S THAT?
THAT IS DESTROYING
NEW DOMINO CITY.
NO WAY!
IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME THING
WITH YOU BAD GUYS!
BY DESTROYING THIS CITY,
WE DESTROY THE SOURCE
OF THE EVENT,
THEREBY DESTROYING
THE VERY ORIGIN
OF THIS
TROUBLESOME WRINKLE.
SO THAT'S WHY...
Sherry: THAT'S
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
HYAH!
THIS IS THE SECOND TIME YOU'VE
RAISED YOUR HAND TO ME.
PERHAPS I WAS TOO GENTLE WITH
YOU DURING THE FIRST.
NOW, THEN HOW SHOULD I PUNISH
YOU THIS TIME?
SHERRY!
DO AS YOU PLEASE.
SHE'S NOT A TRUE DUELIST.
WE HAVE NO USE
FOR HER.
♪
YOU WON'T GET RID
OF ME THAT EASY.
I BEG TO DIFFER, CHILD.
Sherry: OH, NO...
YOU SAY YOUR PARENTS
DISAPPEARED?
WELL...
TIME FOR
YOU TO DO THE SAME.
FATHER, MOTHER...
I'VE GOT YOU!
OH, NO!
THEY'RE FALLING!
♪
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
YOU--
YOU LOW-LIFES!
GO AHEAD AND TRY
TO DESTROY THIS CITY
JUST LIKE PRIMO DID.
WE'LL STOP YOU,
TOO!
FOOLS, PRIMO WASN'T TRYING
TO DESTROY THIS CITY.
HE WAS ONLY TRYING TO MAKE
YOU THINK THAT HE WAS.
WHAT? THAT MAKES
NO SENSE.
ALL WILL BE REVEALED AT
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX.
AH, AT LAST,
IT HAS ARRIVED.
(OBJECT APPROACHING)
WHAT'S THAT SOUND?
LOOK UP!
UH, I'M THINKING
MAYBE WE SHOULD RUN.
RIGHT!
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE.
HA HA HA!
♪
Jakob: STOP THERE!
WHOA. THAT THING
STOPPED MID-AIR.
Yusei: THAT THING IS
A STONE TABLET.
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD.
♪
(CRACKLING)
WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE
TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON?
Jakob:
BEHOLD. MY NEW POWER!
OH, MAN.
Jakob:
BEHOLD. MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
TEAM 5Ds,
IF YOU SEEK TO STOP US,
THEN WE MUST DUEL AT
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX.
THERE, THE FUTURE
WILL BE DECIDED.
UNTIL THEN.
BYE-BYE!
WAIT!
♪
THE POWER'S BACK ON!
HEY, LOOK.
I THINK WE'RE OK!
YEAH. EVERYTHING'S
BACK TO NORMAL.
Crow: THAT WAS CRAZY.
THEY ALL JUST DISAPPEARED.
Yusei: VIZOR?
HOLD UP.
DO YOU THINK YOU
CAN SHED ANY LIGHT
ON EVERYTHING
THAT'S BEEN GOING ON?
FOR THE WHOLE DUEL,
IT SEEMED LIKE YOU SOMEHOW KNEW
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN.
LIKE YOU KNEW THAT
SOMEHOW, SOMEWAY,
I WOULD ACCEL SYNCHRO.
DID YOU KNOW THAT SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON CARD I PLAYED,
THAT IT WAS FROM
A STONE TABLET?
ALL I CAN TELL YOU
IS THIS--
DEEP IN MY HEART,
SOMETHING WAS
WHISPERING TO ME THAT
YOU WOULD EXECUTE
THE PERFECT ACCEL
SYNCHRO SUMMONING.
AS FOR HOW YOU RECEIVED
THE COMPONENTS TO
INITIATE THIS SUMMONING,
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE THERE ARE HIGHER
POWERS AT WORK HERE,
POWERS THAT WE DON'T
YET FULLY UNDERSTAND--
POWERS OF DESTINY.
OF DESTINY?
I KNOW YOU HAVE MIXED
FEELINGS ON THE SUBJECT,
BUT STILL YOU
CAN'T DENY
YOU HAVE THAT DRAGON
FOR A REASON.
♪
Vizor, thinking: I WISH
I COULD TELL YUSEI MORE,
BUT THE ANSWERS ELUDE
EVEN ME.
ONE THING
I AM SURE OF, HOWEVER,
IS THAT THIS DUEL
WAS JUST THE START.
THE REAL BATTLE
IS ONLY BEGINNING.
Announcer:
TRAGEDY STRUCK DURING
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
EARLIER TODAY
IN NEW DOMINO CITY.
THANKFULLY, THERE ARE
NO CASUALTIES,
BUT SCORES OF BUILDINGS,
DUEL RUNNERS AND RACEWAYS
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
IT IS STILL UNCLEAR AS TO
WHAT EXACTLY CAUSED THE DAMAGE,
BUT PUBLIC
SECURITY OFFICIALS
ARE MOUNTING A FULL
INVESTIGATION,
AND AT PRESENT, SAY THAT ALL
PRELIMINARY EVIDENCE INDICATES
THIS WAS A RESULT OF SOME
FLUKE ATMOSPHERIC ANOMALY.
Luna: YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
THEY DIDN'T FIND
ANY EVIDENCE LEADING IT BACK
TO THOSE THREE CREEPS?
WE GOT TO TALK
TO TRUDGE.
TELL HIM THAT SOMETHING ELSE
IS GOING ON HERE.
Jack: WE DID.
BUT HE NEEDS PROOF.
AND ALL THEIR GEAR SHORTED OUT
DURING THAT STORM.
YEAH, THOSE 3 SO-CALLED EMPERORS
OF ILIASTER REALLY DID
A GOOD JOB COVERING
THEIR TRACKS ON THIS.
IT'S LIKE THEY WERE
NEVER EVEN HERE.
WHO CARES?
WHAT MATTERS IS
WE KNOW THE TRUTH.
YUSEI, WHAT'S
OUR PLAN OF ACTION?
IT'S PRETTY CLEAR
THOSE 3 GOONS
WANT YOU GUYS TO DUEL IN
THE GRAND PRIX.
SO THAT MEANS THEY HAVE SOME
SORT OF TRAP SET UP.
I AGREE. IF YOU CONTINUE
TO COMPETE,
YOU'LL BE PLAYING
RIGHT INTO THEIR HANDS.
THAT MAY BE, BUT WHAT OTHER
CHOICE DO WE HAVE AT THIS POINT?
DUELING IN THE GRAND PRIX IS
OUR ONLY WAY TO GET TO THEM.
WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO BE
EXTRA CAREFUL FROM HERE ON OUT,
AND HOPE THAT WHATEVER
SURPRISES THEY THROW OUR WAY
WE CAN THROW
RIGHT BACK AT THEM
BECAUSE IF WE CAN'T,
IT SOUNDS LIKE THEY'RE NOT JUST
GONNA TAKE OVER OUR CITY,
THEY'RE GONNA TAKE
OVER THE WHOLE WORLD.